README.md, before:

<a name="readme-top"></a>

<div align="center">

  <h1><b>Webpack To Do List - Microverse Project</b></h1>

</div>

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->

## 📗 Table of Contents

- [📖 About the Project](#about-project)
  - [🛠 Built With](#built-with)
    - [Tech Stack](#tech-stack)
    - [Key Features](#key-features)
    - [🚀 Live Demo](#live-demo)
- [💻 Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Setup](#setup)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Install](#install)
  - [Usage](#usage)
  - [Deployment](#deployment)
- [👥 Author](#author)
- [🔭 Future Features](#future-features)
- [🤝 Contributing](#contributing)
- [⭐️ Show your support](#support)
- [🙏 Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)
- [📝 License](#license)

<!-- PROJECT DESCRIPTION -->

# 📖 Webpack To Do List - Microverse Project <a name="about-project"></a>

**Webpack To Do List** is a milestone project for microverse student in JavaScript Module to learn about Webpack and ES6

## 🛠 Built With <a name="built-with"></a>

### Tech Stack <a name="tech-stack"></a>

<details>
  <summary>Client</summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://webpack.js.org/">Webpack</a></li>
    <li><a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/Getting_started_with_the_web/HTML_basics">HTML</a></li>
    <li><a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/Getting_started_with_the_web/CSS_basics">CSS</a></li>
    <li><a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript">JS</a></li>
  </ul>
</details>

<!-- Features -->

### Key Features <a name="key-features"></a>

- **Fast and Optimized by Webpack**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LIVE DEMO -->

## 🚀 Live Demo <a name="live-demo"></a>

- [Live Demo Link](https://ichsansandy.github.io/webpack-todo-list-microverse/dist/)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->

## 💻 Getting Started <a name="getting-started"></a>

To get a local copy up and running, follow these steps.

### Prerequisites

In order to run this project you need:

```
    node
```

### Setup

Clone this repository to your desired folder:

```sh
  git clone https://github.com/ichsansandy/webpack-todo-list-microverse.git
```

### Install

Install this project with:

```sh
  cd webpack-todo-list-microverse
  npm install
```

it will install the required package for running the project

### Usage

In this project , its included linter for HTML, CSS and JavaScript
To use them, execute the following command:

```sh
    npx hint .
    npx stylelint "**/*.{css,scss}"
    npx eslint .
```

To build the webpack bundle you can run this command

```
    npm run build
```

### Deployment

You can deploy this on your local dev server

```
    npm run start
```

Once success it will automaticly running, you should see your application working at: http://localhost:8080/. Every change you make in js or css files now should be reflected in a browser a few seconds later.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- AUTHORS -->

## 👥 Author <a name="author"></a>

👤 Ichsan Sandy

- GitHub: [@ichsansandy](https://github.com/ichsansandy)
- Twitter: [@1chsansandy](https://twitter.com/1chsansandy)
- LinkedIn: [Ichsan Sandy](https://linkedin.com/in/ichsans)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- FUTURE FEATURES -->

## 🔭 Future Features <a name="future-features"></a>

- **Add Account System**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->

## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributing"></a>

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- SUPPORT -->

## ⭐️ Show your support <a name="support"></a>

If you like this project you can share this project to your friend

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS -->

## 🙏 Acknowledgments <a name="acknowledgements"></a>

I would like to thank microverse for this project

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LICENSE -->

## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>

This project is [MIT](./LICENSE) licensed.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

Commit message:

Adding test in the readme.md

README.md, after:

<a name="readme-top"></a>

<div align="center">

  <h1><b>Webpack To Do List - Microverse Project</b></h1>

</div>

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->

## 📗 Table of Contents

- [📖 About the Project](#about-project)
  - [🛠 Built With](#built-with)
    - [Tech Stack](#tech-stack)
    - [Key Features](#key-features)
    - [🚀 Live Demo](#live-demo)
- [💻 Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Setup](#setup)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Install](#install)
  - [Usage](#usage)
  - [Deployment](#deployment)
  - [Run test](#runtest)
- [👥 Author](#author)
- [🔭 Future Features](#future-features)
- [🤝 Contributing](#contributing)
- [⭐️ Show your support](#support)
- [🙏 Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)
- [📝 License](#license)

<!-- PROJECT DESCRIPTION -->

# 📖 Webpack To Do List - Microverse Project <a name="about-project"></a>

**Webpack To Do List** is a milestone project for microverse student in JavaScript Module to learn about Webpack and ES6

## 🛠 Built With <a name="built-with"></a>

### Tech Stack <a name="tech-stack"></a>

<details>
  <summary>Client</summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://webpack.js.org/">Webpack</a></li>
    <li><a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/Getting_started_with_the_web/HTML_basics">HTML</a></li>
    <li><a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/Getting_started_with_the_web/CSS_basics">CSS</a></li>
    <li><a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript">JS</a></li>
  </ul>
</details>

<!-- Features -->

### Key Features <a name="key-features"></a>

- **Fast and Optimized by Webpack**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LIVE DEMO -->

## 🚀 Live Demo <a name="live-demo"></a>

- [Live Demo Link](https://ichsansandy.github.io/webpack-todo-list-microverse/dist/)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->

## 💻 Getting Started <a name="getting-started"></a>

To get a local copy up and running, follow these steps.

### Prerequisites

In order to run this project you need:

```
    node
```

### Setup

Clone this repository to your desired folder:

```sh
  git clone https://github.com/ichsansandy/webpack-todo-list-microverse.git
```

### Install

Install this project with:

```sh
  cd webpack-todo-list-microverse
  npm install
```

it will install the required package for running the project

### Usage

In this project , its included linter for HTML, CSS and JavaScript
To use them, execute the following command:

```sh
    npx hint .
    npx stylelint "**/*.{css,scss}"
    npx eslint .
```

To build the webpack bundle you can run this command

```
    npm run build
```

### Deployment

You can deploy this on your local dev server

```
    npm run start
```

Once success it will automaticly running, you should see your application working at: http://localhost:8080/. Every change you make in js or css files now should be reflected in a browser a few seconds later.

### Run Test

You can run test using this command

```
    npm run test
```

This project use jest to test some function in the javascript modules

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- AUTHORS -->

## 👥 Author <a name="author"></a>

👤 Ichsan Sandy

- GitHub: [@ichsansandy](https://github.com/ichsansandy)
- Twitter: [@1chsansandy](https://twitter.com/1chsansandy)
- LinkedIn: [Ichsan Sandy](https://linkedin.com/in/ichsans)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- FUTURE FEATURES -->

## 🔭 Future Features <a name="future-features"></a>

- **Add Account System**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->

## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributing"></a>

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- SUPPORT -->

## ⭐️ Show your support <a name="support"></a>

If you like this project you can share this project to your friend

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS -->

## 🙏 Acknowledgments <a name="acknowledgements"></a>

I would like to thank microverse for this project

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LICENSE -->

## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>

This project is [MIT](./LICENSE) licensed.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>
